# Block Blaster
## Introduction
   Mathematics is important for our daily life and, and plays a fundamental role in all fields of science. Furthermore, it is a required subject in most levels of education from kindergarten to graduate school. Mathematics contains many different topics such as algebra, geometry, integration, and etc. Some of these topics are difficult for students to master and lead to a decrease in students’ interest in math. Arithmetic is a fundamental skill and is broadly used as an introductory topic in mathematics classes, and is also an important stepping-stone for more advanced mathematics topics, like algebra. Mental math, a method to complete arithmetic in one’s head without any physical supplies likes pens, paper, or calculators, can be a double-edged sword. It can help the students improve their performance in math, or discourage their interest in math. In modern educational systems, some teachers introduce less mental math to their students. Students can struggle to find a learning environment for practicing mental math, and therefore many people become reliable on calculators even for simple arithmetic equations.
   
In response to this situation, I have designed a digital puzzle game in Unity to establish a study environment for elementary students where they can practice mental math. Block Blaster is a 2D game, which requires users to do mental math to match up equation blocks that have equal values as fast as possible. It has a colorful but clean GUI design, which provides an attractive environment for kids to play and learn. Several users, including both adults and children, have tested the game and shown their interest in playing this game. Some of them indicated that the game could be a good tool to learn arithmetic.

## Technical Approach
This 2-D picture-matching puzzle game is called Block Blaster. Some of the GUI designs are self-designed and some are from Unity Asset Store. All of the game scripts are written in C# and attached to corresponding components or scenes. Block Blaster was developed in the Unity game engine, built as an IOS game project through Xcode, and successfully tested in IOS mobile devices, including different models of iPhones and iPads, with similar performance and identical features cross-platform. 
